My idea for ludum dare:
    Latermuse (10 Seconds To Glory)

A browser based, multiplayer, colliseum game.
  You decide how your player adventures by tweaking settings. Basically you micromanage your
  adventurer, but you dont actually get to fight anything. Choose between aggression, how often
  you heal, your basic skills, your advanced skills, how to level up. Basically everything in 
  an MMO, but without actually fighting anything. Your character fights by itself. Each battle
  lasts for only "10 seconds", with a move for each second. 

Each character has gold, one piece of armor, one weapon, and one healing item
  Some healing items can only share with a small weapon.
  Some weapons can only share with a small healing item.
  Game is balanced between healing items, spiked armor, and weapons.

Fights
  A fight only lasts for 10 seconds. One move can happen per second. If you are set to heal
  10% of the time, then you will heal once during those 10 seconds, and attack for 9 seconds.
  If you win a fight, then you gain money and experience.

Challenge
  You can challenge a player. You pay a fee to challenge other players based on your level.
  If you win, you get back double your entrance fee. If you draw, then you lose your entrance fee.
  If you lose, then you have to revive. It costs money to revive after challenging another player.
    If you have no money to revive, then its free. But you need to fight monsters to get money.
  If another person challenges you, and you die in the challenge, then you can revive for free.
  If you win a challenge, you gain honor points. The scoreboard is scored by honor points. 
  You get one honor point if you beat someone within 3 levels of yourself, and 2 honor points if they
  are higher than 3 levels. Cant fight people more than 3 levels under yourself.

Leveling up
  You only gain money & honor points through challenges. 
  You can only get money and xp through fighting.
  Each time you get enough xp, you will level up. You can assign points to health, mana,
  attack, and defense. 

  Leveling up uses a backwards xp system. It counts down to your next level, instead of counting up.
  Going to use asheron's call xp system for leveling up. This way people dont level too fast


Login screen.
Make new account screen -> Username, password. Tell user not to forget password.
Game screen: A *bunch* of settings. Inventory box. Fight button. Sell button. Challenge button.
Settings:
  Aggression (for pve, lets you pick what level range of monsters to fight)
  Attack/defense (lets you pick how often you heal compared to attack)
  Fight Strategy  -> Burst fire, put all attacks up front, then heal
                  -> Burst heal, put all heals up front, then attack
                  -> Balanced, evenly intersperse healing and attacks
                  -> Random
